Add release notes for 1.11.4 (#51)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: release-notes.md

See [Upgrade Anbox Cloud](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/upgrading-from-previous-versions/17750) or [Upgrade the Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/upgrade-anbox-cloud-appliance/24186) for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment.

[Details=1.11.4]

## 1.11.4 (November 1 2021)

### New features & improvements

> None
> 
> ### Bugs
> 
> A bug in Anbox causes the random webview based application crashes when upgrading the webview.apk to [94.0.4606.80](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/10/chrome-for-android-update.html). For this reason, we downgrade the webview version to [93.0.4577.82](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/09/chrome-for-android-update.html) for stability and are planning to provide the fix in the Anbox Cloud 1.12 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None.

### Bugs

A bug in Anbox caused random webview-based applications to crash when upgrading the webview.apk to [94.0.4606.80](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/10/chrome-for-android-update.html). For this reason, we downgraded the webview version to [93.0.4577.82](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/09/chrome-for-android-update.html) for stability, and we are planning to provide a fix in the Anbox Cloud 1.12 release.
```

Reviewer: (same changes as for the announcement)

Author: +1
